release notes updated for kurl.sh (#499)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/release-notes/v2021.07.16-0.md

### <span class="label label-blue">Improvements</span>
- The [containerd add-on](/docs/add-ons/containerd) will check XFS filesystems have ftype enabled before attempting to install.

> - The load balancer address will be tested and fail host preflight if an invalid address is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The load balancer address preflight check will now validate that a valid address is provided before validating the network.
```

### <span class="label label-orange">Bug Fixes</span>

> - The default memory test changed to pass with cloud provider values.

Reviewer: from reading this release note it is very unclear to me what was fixed
